[time-series] Fix back test dataloader (#1558)
huggingface/blog: autoformer.md

For training/validation/testing we next create an `InstanceSplitter` which is used to sample windows from the dataset (as, remember, we can't pass the entire history of values to the model due to time and memory constraints).

> The instance splitter samples random `context_length` sized and subsequent `prediction_length` sized windows from the data, and appends a `past_` or `future_` key to any temporal keys in `time_series_fields` for the respective windows. The instance splitter can be configured into three different models:
> 1. `mode="train"`: Here we sample the context and prediction length windows randomly from the dataset given to it (the training dataset)
> 2. `model="validation"`: Here we sample the very last context length window and prediction window from the dataset given to it (for the back-testing or validation likelihood calculations)
> 3. `mode="test"`: Here we sample the very last context length window only (for the prediction use case)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instance splitter samples random `context_length` sized and subsequent `prediction_length` sized windows from the data, and appends a `past_` or `future_` key to any temporal keys in `time_series_fields` for the respective windows. The instance splitter can be configured into three different modes:
1. `mode="train"`: Here we sample the context and prediction length windows randomly from the dataset given to it (the training dataset)
2. `mode="validation"`: Here we sample the very last context length window and prediction window from the dataset given to it (for the back-testing or validation likelihood calculations)
3. `mode="test"`: Here we sample the very last context length window only (for the prediction use case)
```
